docs(API): add description to `level` constructor option (#1488)
pinojs/pino: docs/api.md

Default: `'info'`

> The minimum level to log, i.e. lower levels won't be outputted. This reduces the load, as typically, debug and trace messages are only useful for development, quite verbose, and not needed in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum level to log: Pino will not log messages with a lower level. Setting this option reduces the load, as typically, debug and trace logs are only valid for development, and not needed in production.
```

Reviewer: cc @jsumners

Author: Updated to your suggestion.
